globus_wsrf_rft_service_java                ws-transfer/reliable/service/java/source
globus_wsrf_rft_common_java                 ws-transfer/reliable/common/java/source
globus_wsrf_rft_common_schema               ws-transfer/reliable/common/schema
globus_wsrf_rft_client_java                 ws-transfer/reliable/client/java/source
globus_wsrf_rft_test                        ws-transfer/reliable/service/test/unit
globus_wsrf_rft_service_java_usage          ws-transfer/reliable/service/java/usage
globus_wsrf_rft_service_java_setup          ws-transfer/reliable/service/java/setup gpt
globus_wsrf_rendezvous_common_schema        ws-rendezvous/common/schema
globus_wsrf_rendezvous_common_java          ws-rendezvous/common/java/source
globus_wsrf_rendezvous_service_java         ws-rendezvous/service/java/source
globus_wsrf_gram_service_java               ws-gram/service/java/source 
globus_wsrf_gram_service_java_usage         ws-gram/service/java/usage

globus_wsrf_gram_service_java_setup_common  ws-gram/service/java/setup/common gpt
globus_wsrf_gram_service_java_setup_fork    ws-gram/service/java/setup/fork gpt
globus_wsrf_gram_service_java_setup_multi   ws-gram/service/java/setup/multi gpt
globus_wsrf_gram_service_java_setup_pbs     ws-gram/service/java/setup/pbs gpt
globus_wsrf_gram_service_java_setup_lsf     ws-gram/service/java/setup/lsf gpt
globus_wsrf_gram_service_java_setup_condor  ws-gram/service/java/setup/condor gpt
globus_wsrf_gram_utils_java                 ws-gram/utils/java/source                       

globus_wsrf_gram_common_java                ws-gram/common/java/source                      

globus_wsrf_gram_common_schema              ws-gram/common/schema                           

globus_wsrf_gram_client_java                ws-gram/client/java/source    
globus_wsrf_gram_scheduler_test             ws-gram/client/test gpt
globus_scheduler_event_generator_fork       ws-gram/job_monitoring/fork/c/source gpt
globus_scheduler_event_generator_fork_setup ws-gram/job_monitoring/fork/c/setup gpt
globus_scheduler_event_generator            ws-gram/job_monitoring/common/c/source gpt
globus_scheduler_event_generator_test       ws-gram/job_monitoring/common/c/test gpt
globus_scheduler_event_generator_fork_test       ws-gram/job_monitoring/fork/c/test gpt
globus_scheduler_event_generator_condor       ws-gram/job_monitoring/condor/c/source gpt
globus_scheduler_event_generator_condor_setup       ws-gram/job_monitoring/condor/c/setup gpt
globus_scheduler_event_generator_condor_test       ws-gram/job_monitoring/condor/c/test gpt
globus_scheduler_event_generator_pbs        ws-gram/job_monitoring/pbs/c/source gpt
globus_scheduler_event_generator_pbs_setup  ws-gram/job_monitoring/pbs/c/setup gpt
globus_scheduler_event_generator_pbs_test   ws-gram/job_monitoring/pbs/c/test gpt
globus_scheduler_event_generator_lsf        ws-gram/job_monitoring/lsf/c/source gpt
globus_scheduler_event_generator_lsf_setup  ws-gram/job_monitoring/lsf/c/setup gpt
globus_scheduler_event_generator_lsf_test   ws-gram/job_monitoring/lsf/c/test gpt
globus_wsrf_gram_job_monitoring_common_java ws-gram/job_monitoring/common/java/source
globus_wsrf_gram_service_java_test_scalability ws-gram/service/java/test/scalability
globus_wsrf_gram_service_java_test_stability ws-gram/service/java/test/stability
globus_wsrf_gram_service_java_test_throughput ws-gram/service/java/test/throughput
globus_wsrf_gram_service_java_test_unit     ws-gram/service/java/test/unit
globus_fork_starter                         ws-gram/job_management/fork/c/source  gpt
globus_gridmap_and_execute                  ws-gram/service/gridmap_and_execute/source  gpt
globus_gridmap_and_execute_test             ws-gram/service/gridmap_and_execute/test  gpt
globus_gram_local_proxy_tool                ws-gram/service/proxy-tool/source  gpt
globus_scheduler_provider_setup_pbs	ws-gram/discovery/providers/setup/pbs gpt
globus_scheduler_provider_setup_fork	ws-gram/discovery/providers/setup/fork gpt
globus_scheduler_provider_setup_lsf	ws-gram/discovery/providers/setup/lsf gpt
globus_scheduler_provider_setup_condor	ws-gram/discovery/providers/setup/condor gpt
globus_wsrf_mds_index                       ws-mds/index/source
globus_wsrf_mds_index_schema                ws-mds/index/schema
globus_wsrf_mds_index_test                  ws-mds/index/test
globus_wsrf_mds_aggregator                  ws-mds/aggregator/source
globus_wsrf_mds_aggregator_schema           ws-mds/aggregator/schema
globus_wsrf_mds_aggregator_test             ws-mds/aggregator/test
globus_wsrf_mds_trigger                     ws-mds/trigger/source
globus_wsrf_mds_trigger_test                ws-mds/trigger/test
globus_wsrf_mds_archive                     ws-mds/archive/source
globus_wsrf_mds_archive_schema              ws-mds/archive/schema
globus_wsrf_mds_archive_test                ws-mds/archive/test
globus_wsrf_mds_ganglia                     ws-mds/ganglia/source
globus_wsrf_mds_usefulrp                    ws-mds/usefulrp/source
globus_wsrf_mds_usefulrp_schema             ws-mds/usefulrp/schema
globus_wsrf_mds_hawkeye                     ws-mds/hawkeye/source
globus_wsrf_servicegroup                    ws-mds/servicegroup/source
globus_wsrf_servicegroup_schema             ws-mds/servicegroup/schema
globus_ws_core_schema                       wsrf/schema/ tar
globus_wsrf_xindice                         wsrf/java/xindice
globus_java_container_admin_tools           wsrf/java/container_tools/source gpt
globus_java_ws_core_common                  wsrf/java/common/source
globus_java_ws_core_tools                   wsrf/java/tools/source
globus_java_ws_core_tools_test              wsrf/java/tools/test
globus_java_ws_core                         wsrf/java/core/source
globus_java_ws_core_test_base               wsrf/java/core/test/base
globus_java_ws_core_test_interop            wsrf/java/core/test/interop
globus_java_ws_core_test_unit               wsrf/java/core/test/unit
globus_java_ws_core_management_sample       wsrf/java/core/samples/management
globus_java_ws_core_counter_sample          wsrf/java/core/samples/counter
globus_java_ws_core_authz_sample            wsrf/java/core/samples/authzService 
globus_java_ws_core_registry                wsrf/java/registry/source
globus_java_ws_core_pdp                     wsrf/java/pdp/source
globus_java_ws_core_usage                   wsrf/java/usage/source

globus_c_wsdl_parser                        wsrf/c/parser/wsdl/source gpt
globus_c_wsrf_cgen                          wsrf/c/parser/cgen/source gpt
globus_js                                   wsrf/c/tools/js/source gpt
globus_c_wsrf_core_tools                    wsrf/c/core/tools/source gpt
globus_c_wsrf_core_bindings                 wsrf/c/core/source gpt
globus_notification_consumer                wsrf/c/core/notification/source gpt
globus_c_wsrf_notification_test             wsrf/c/core/notification/test gpt
globus_c_wsrf_providers                     wsrf/c/core/providers/source gpt
globus_c_ws_messaging                       wsrf/c/message/source gpt
globus_c_ws_messaging_test                  wsrf/c/message/test gpt
globus_handler_ws_addressing                wsrf/c/handlers/addressing/source gpt
globus_handler_ws_secure_message            wsrf/c/handlers/secure/message/source gpt
globus_handler_debug                        wsrf/c/handlers/debug/source gpt
globus_xio_buffer                           wsrf/c/transport/buffer/source gpt
globus_c_wsrf_sample_counter_client_test    wsrf/c/samples/counter/test gpt
globus_c_wsrf_sample_counter_bindings       wsrf/c/samples/counter/source gpt
globus_c_wsrf_sample_secure_counter_service wsrf/c/samples/counter/secure-service gpt
globus_c_wsrf_core_test_interop_bindings    wsrf/c/core/tests/interop/source gpt
globus_c_wsrf_core_performance_test         wsrf/c/core/tests/performance/ gpt
globus_c_wsrf_providers_test_service_bindings wsrf/c/core/providers/test_service gpt
globus_c_wsrf_providers_test_wsdl           wsrf/c/core/providers/test_wsdl gpt
globus_c_wsrf_provider_test                 wsrf/c/core/providers/test gpt
globus_c_wsrf_resource                      wsrf/c/resource/source gpt
globus_c_wsrf_resource_test                 wsrf/c/resource/test gpt
globus_c_ws_security                        wsrf/c/core/security/source gpt
globus_c_handler_ws_security                wsrf/c/handlers/secure/message/source gpt
globus_globusrun_ws                         ws-gram/client/c/source gpt
globus_c_rendezvous_client_bindings         ws-rendezvous/client/c/bindings gpt
globus_c_wsrf_rendezvous_test               ws-rendezvous/client/c/test gpt
globus_c_gram_client_bindings               ws-gram/client/c/bindings gpt
globus_c_rft_client_bindings                ws-transfer/reliable/client/c/bindings gpt
globus_c_delegation_client_bindings         ws-delegation/client/c/bindings gpt
globus_c_delegation_client_util             ws-delegation/client/c/util gpt

globus_c_wsrf_core_test_interop_client_test wsrf/c/core/tests/interop/test gpt

globus_wsrf_cas_client_java                 ws-cas/client/java/source
globus_wsrf_cas_service_java                ws-cas/service/java/source
globus_wsrf_cas_service_unit_test           ws-cas/service/java/test/unit
globus_wsrf_cas_common                      ws-cas/common/schema
globus_wsrf_cas_utils_java                  ws-cas/utils/java/source

globus_wsrf_delegation_client_java          ws-delegation/client/java/source
globus_wsrf_delegation_service_java         ws-delegation/service/java/source
globus_wsrf_delegation_service_java_test    ws-delegation/service/java/test
globus_wsrf_delegation_common               ws-delegation/common/schema
globus_wsrf_delegation_stubs_java           ws-delegation/common/java/source

globus_wsrf_mds_webmds                      ws-mds/webmds/webmds/source
globus_wsrf_mds_webmds_file_source          ws-mds/webmds/xmlSources/file/source
globus_wsrf_mds_webmds_xml_dom_source       ws-mds/webmds/xmlSources/xmlDomNode/source 
globus_wsrf_mds_webmds_resource_property_source  ws-mds/webmds/xmlSources/resourceProperties/source
globus_wsrf_mds_webmds_test                 ws-mds/webmds/webmds/test
globus_wsrf_mds_webmds_resource_property_source_test ws-mds/webmds/xmlSources/resourceProperties/test

globus_rendezvous                           ws-gram/client/c/rendezvous/source gpt
globus_rendezvous_test                      ws-gram/client/c/rendezvous/test gpt

globus_database_common                      database/java/common/source

globus_usage_packets_common                 usage/java/packets/common
globus_usage_packets                        usage/java/packets/source
globus_usage_packets_samples                usage/java/packets/samples
globus_usage_receiver                       usage/java/receiver/source
globus_usage_receiver_samples               usage/java/receiver/samples

globus_wsrf_replicator_client_java          ws-replica/replicator/client/java/source
globus_wsrf_replicator_common_java          ws-replica/replicator/common/java/source
globus_wsrf_replicator_common_schema        ws-replica/replicator/common/schema
globus_wsrf_replicator_service_java         ws-replica/replicator/service/java/source
globus_wsrf_gram_reliable_create_test       ws-gram/client/reliable_create_test gpt
