3.3 -> 3.4
gpt-to-pkgconfig puts extlibs in Libs.private

3.2 -> 3.3
Remove some scripts that were never used
Don't bundle external dependencies in GPT locations
Conform to FHS

3.1 -> 3.2
Fixed some gpt-build Macro problems.

New version of core that is compatible with Globus Toolkit 3.2 but
incompatible with Globus Toolkit version 2.x.

Fixes for bugs 157, 168, 177, 223, and 233 see bugzilla link at
http://www.gridpackagingtools.com/.

3.1 -> 3.2
Fixed some gpt-build Macro problems.

New version of core that is compatible with Globus Toolkit 3.2 but
incompatible with Globus Toolkit version 2.x.

Fixes for bugs 157, 168, 177, 223, and 233 see bugzilla link at
http://www.gridpackagingtools.com/.

3.0.1 -> 3.1

build_gpt contains the Missing Seperator fix for Redhat 9.0.

build_gpt contains various fixes to compensate for broken perl installations..

gpt-build has an -ignore-errors flag.

GPT now generates filelist entries for man pages.

GPT no longer requires setup packages to be named "*_setup".

GPT now ignores older packages when installing a bundle into a
location with updated packages.

GPT now has a new script called gpt-config which is used to manage the
local settings of a GPT installations

GPT now supports RPM on RedHat 9.x and Suse 8.1

GPT now supports managing root files using SYSTEM_ROOT keyword in the
source filelist file.

GPT no longer overrides pkg type attributes for any dependency types.

Non-flavored header files are now sorted correctly for p-n-b packages.

GPT will no longer skip pgm packages when a pgm_static has been built.

GPT now tests for a version mismatch between its scripts and its modules.

GPT now cleans up after itself on package install errors.

gpt-bundle now excepts wildcards with the -exclude flag.

Bundles now contain component description fields.

gpt-pkg now no longer packages globus-core binary packages with -all.

gpt-bundle now no longer bundles globus-core binary packages with -all.



2.2.10 -> 3.0

Archive::Tar now mentions the file it is barfing on.

MAC OS X shared libs now supported.

-keep flag works with gpt-bundle

Lots more error messages added.

gpt-build now does -update by default.

build_gpt no longer stomps on PERL5LIB.

MANIFEST files are now managed.

Setup.pm now fiddles @INC to get the correct GPT modules.

gpt-postinstall now sets GPT_LOCATION when running setup scripts.

DTD's were reformatted.

Added more explicit input file error msgs

gpt-verify now sends all output to stdout.

PkgSet::add_package now returns the existing package node when it
finds a duplicate package.

./build_gpt -test now run's successfully. PodParser's test has problems.

Added script to update web documentation.

Fix for gpt-build not checking compile dependencies.

Fixes for make_gpt_dist working on solaris.

Added a SrcDir attribute to Build_instructions.

gpt-build no longer stomps on package data from previous builds.

gpt-virtual-pkg works and GPT now hands pkgs installed as a 'link' format.

Added new bundling code.  gpt-bundle, gpt-install, gpt-uninstall are
completely rewritten.  gpt-query and gpt-verify have new bundle
switches.

Changed setup_tarfiles to setup_gpt_dist

Added MD5 checking for files

Added gpt-md5, gpt-filelist-convert, gpt-filelist-copy,
gpt-file-remove scripts to manage MD5 checksums.

Added Location module which evaluates the install, build, and tmp
locations based on $GLOBUS_LOCATION (depreciating),
$GPT_INSTALL_LOCATION and switches.  All scripts now have a -location
switch to indicate the install location.

Added PkgDef node and set to compare sets of package versions inside
bundles and installations.  

Added a debugging feature to Inform.pm. Many scripts now have working
-verbose and -debug flags.

Added gpt-convert-bundle-old2new script to convert bundle definitions.

2.2.9 -> 2.2.10

Added shared library names to the Provides line of created rpm packages.

2.2.8 -> 2.2.9

globus_core updated to 2.9 which contains intel compiler fixes.

build_gpt no longer stomps on PERL5LIB


2.2.7 -> 2.2.8

globus_core updated to version 2.8 which fixes mpi build.

gpt-build no longer removes packaging data from previous builds.

AIX hack for keeping empty rtl packages now uses a regex.

gpt-build now checks compile dependencies.

build_gpt now suppresses extraneous messages.

2.2.6 -> 2.2.7

No Changes.

2.2.5 -> 2.2.6

Fixed rpm version identification

2.2.5 -> 2.2.4

gpt-bundle now includes only the first flavor of a pgm package.

gpt-install now can recognize doc rpm names.

gpt-update now calls gpt-install (instead of crashing) and displays a
depreciation warning.

Archive.pm now filters out the 'blocksize' line printed by True64's
tar program.

2.2.4 -> 2.2.3

gpt-install now will install multiple bundles correctly.

2.2.3 -> 2.2.2

Added extra tar regex for Cray's untarring output.

make_gpt_dist now does -pristine by default and removes the old
packages.

Added MANIFEST file for GPT and modified the Compress::Zlib MAMIFEST
to suppress spurious error messages during make_gpt_dist.

Added an anchor to the soname for the filelist library search.  This
prevents extra flavors from being added to rtl packages.

globus_core is now filtered out of rpm dependencies.

gpt-install now complains properly about a missing input file.

gpt-install will now changes ownerships and groups to root if the user
is root.  This change was left out of the previous 2.2.x releases.

gpt_build_config now is aware of the GPT_IGNORE_DEPS environmental
variable.


2.2.2 -> 2.2.1

New globus_core package with proper version of libtool.

2.2.1 -> 2.2

GPT now correctly builds Compress::Zlib on platforms with older
versions of Perl.

GPT now includes a preferred flavor when matching packages to
dependencies.  This means that when a pkg of the same flavor exists,
it is chosen.  Other wise a pkg of another flavor is chosen.  This
behaviour mainly affects gpt-bundle.

The regex looking for the pkgdata directory is now properly anchored.

gpt-virtual-pkg works again :).

2.2 -> 2.1.x

GPT 2.2 is now completely backwards compatible with GPT 1.x.  Bundles
created by GPT 2.2 can be built and installed by GPT 1.x and vice
versa.

GPT now includes the globus_core source package in its distribution.
This package is installed by gpt-build everytime a new build flavor is
requested.

gpt-deps is a new experimental script that generates an html page
which describes the various package dependencies within an
installation.  The script is considered experimental because changes
to the interface and output format are anticipated.

GPT now handles the *.sl shared lib extensions for HPUX.

gpt-build now has the -nosrc flag which tells it to just install a
build flavor.

Various fixes to the building of Compress::Zlib.

gpt-install detects and reports errors when source bundle and source
package installs are detected.

gpt-postinstall and gpt-verify now filter out non-pgm packages when
collecting packages that need to be set up.

All of the script now have -man and -? flags which will print out man
pages and usage messages.

gpt-install now has the functionality that used to be in gpt-update.
gpt-update is being depreciated.

gpt-bundle now has an alternative way to specify bundle names.  The
-bn flag can be used to input a name.  The -bv flag can be used to
input a version.  With this method gpt-bundle will add the bundle type
to the name as well as the architecture for binary bundles.

gpt-bundle now has the -nosetups flag which excludes any dependent
setup packages from the bundle.  Note that setup packages listed on
the command line will still be bundled.

gpt-bundle now has the -exclude flag which can be used to exclude
dependent packages from a bundle

gpt-build now creates a log directory with a seperate log for each
package that is built. The -log flag has been replaced with the
-logdir flag which is used to enable logging and optionally specify
the path to the logging directory.

Various improvements in gpt-build log messages.

GPT now uses POD::Usage for script help.  The module is included in
the distribution.

New script gpt-translate-interpreter-pl can be used after a binary
package of GPT is installed to fix the shebang lines of the scripts to
use the correct perl executable.

New ColocateLibraries attribute can be used to disable header and
library filename mangling.  To disable add the following to the
With_Flavor element:

<With_Flavor build="yes" ColocateLibraries="no">

The GPT source distribution was restructured.  The package_management
directory no longer exists and all GPM modules are now under
GPT::PkgMngmt.  FilelistFunctions is now under GPT.

Missing rtl packages now are reported correctly.

2.1 -> 2.1.1

A new script ./tools/make_rpm will create a binary RPM of GPT.  No
postinstall scripts yet.

gpt-update now properly updates rpm bundles.

gpt-update now updates static packages. Note that a static package
will be replaced if the new version is >= the old version.

gpt_bootstrap.sh now honors the aclocal_includes variable which is set 
externally by the globus_openssl package.

gpt-build now has a -update flag which will overwrite source packages
if what's installed is an older version.

gpt-build now has a -disable-version-checking flag which can be used
to build packages with versioning problems in their dependencies.
These kinds of packages were released with GPT 1.X which did not
perform this check. NOTE that this flag will be set permanently for
the $GLOBUS_LOCATION being installed into.

gpt-update now will only replace packages which have the same
name-flavor-type but different version numbers.

gpt-update now has a -loose flag which allows pgm/pgm_static packages
to replace packages with the same name but different flavors.

gpt-update and gpt-install now relocate rpm's by default if an RPM >=
4.0.4 is found.

gpt-install now changes file ownership to root if root is installing.

gpt-bundle can now differentiate between a pgm rpm and a pgm_static
rpm.

GPT now embedds a tag in the packaging data which indicates what
version of GPT generated the file.

2.0 -> 2.1

A new gpt-update script was added which automatically replaces
packages that are already installed.

gpt-uninstall now supports rpm's.

gpt-install now can install a set of packages.

gpt-uninstall and gpt-install now accept multiple packages and/or
bundles as arguments.

gpt-uninstall and gpt-query now support pkgname-flavor-pkgtype tuples
with wild cards.  Unfortunately the flavor field is buggy.

gpt-uninstall now removes the setup indicator when a setup package is
uninstalled.

gpt-query now does file lookups and prints out package dependencies.

gpt-bundle now grabs packages which are runtime dependencies to setup
packages.


1.0 -> 2.0

dependency checking throughout GPT now checks the package
versions. The dependency module API was also redone.

globus-build was split into gpt-build and gpt-pkg.  gpt-build builds
packages.  gpt-pkg archives packages.

gpt-build now does dependency checking during builds.

gpt-build's -log flag was fixed.

gpt-build now removes empty packages after building.

gpt-build copies the files of pgm/pgm_static packages into flavored
subdirectories.

gpt-postinstall now runs all setup scripts.

gpt-query and gpt-install have a new command line interface which uses
the pkgname-flavor-pkgtype tuple. It's buggy though.

gpt-pkg now builds rpm's in addition to gpt packages.

gpt-bundle now bundles rpm's.

gpt-install now installs rpm's and rpm bundles.
